.TH MPD_SEND_GET_QUEUE_SONG_POS 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_get_queue_song_pos, mpd_run_get_queue_song_pos,
mpd_send_get_queue_song_id, mpd_run_get_queue_song_id \- fetch a song from
the queue (current playlist).
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_get_queue_song_pos(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "unsigned " pos );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_song *mpd_run_get_queue_song_pos(struct"
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection ", unsigned " pos );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_get_queue_song_id(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "unsigned " id );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_song *mpd_run_get_queue_song_id(struct"
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection ", unsigned " id );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_pos ()
function requests information (including tags) of the song on position
.I pos
in the playlist. Use
.BR mpd_recv_song (3)
to obtain the song information. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_get_queue_song_pos ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_pos ()
and
.BR mpd_recv_song (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_id ()
function requests information (including tags) of the song
.I id
in the playlist. Use
.BR mpd_recv_song (3)
to obtain this song information. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_get_queue_song_id ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_id ()
and
.BR mpd_recv_song (3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_pos (),
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_id ()
functions return true on success, false on error.
.PP
.BR mpd_run_get_queue_song_pos (),
.BR mpd_run_get_queue_song_id ()
functions return the song at the specified position
.I pos
and identification
.IR id ,
respectively, or NULL on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_recv_song (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_queue_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_queue_range_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_brief (3),
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_brief_range (3),
.BR mpd_recv_queue_change_brief (3),
.BR mpd_send_add (3),
.BR mpd_run_add (3),
.BR mpd_send_add_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_add_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_add_id_to (3),
.BR mpd_run_add_id_to (3),
.BR mpd_recv_song_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_delete (3),
.BR mpd_run_delete (3),
.BR mpd_send_delete_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_delete_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_delete_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_delete_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_shuffle (3),
.BR mpd_run_shuffle (3),
.BR mpd_send_shuffle_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_shuffle_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_clear (3),
.BR mpd_run_clear (3),
.BR mpd_send_move (3),
.BR mpd_run_move (3),
.BR mpd_send_move_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_move_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_move_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_move_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_swap (3),
.BR mpd_run_swap (3),
.BR mpd_send_swap_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_swap_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_add_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_add_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_clear_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_clear_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_clear_all_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_clear_all_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_prio (3),
.BR mpd_run_prio (3),
.BR mpd_send_prio_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_prio_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_prio_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_prio_id (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
