.TH MPD_SEND_LIST_PLAYLISTS 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_list_playlists, mpd_recv_playlist, mpd_send_list_playlist, 
mpd_send_list_playlist_meta \- fetch stored playlists of MPD
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_list_playlists(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_playlist *mpd_recv_playlist(struct"
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_list_playlist(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_list_playlist_meta(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_list_playlists ()
function obtains a list of stored playlists. Use
.BR mpd_recv_playlist ()
to read the playlists. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_recv_playlist ()
function receives the next playlist from the MPD server. The function receives
a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist ()
function lists the content of the
.I name
stored playlist. Otherwise, use
.BR mpd_send_list_queue_meta (3)
for listing all songs in the queue. Use
.BR mpd_recv_entity (3)
to receive the songs
.RI ( MPD_ENTITY_TYPE_SONG ).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist_meta ()
function lists the content, with full metadata, of the
.I name
stored playlist. Otherwise, use
.BR mpd_send_list_queue_meta (3)
for listing all songs in the queue. Use
.BR mpd_recv_entity (3)
to receive the songs
.RI ( MPD_ENTITY_TYPE_SONG ).
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_send_list_playlists (),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist (),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist_meta ()
return true on success, false on error.
.PP
.BR mpd_recv_playlist ()
returns a
.I mpd_playlist
object, or NULL on error or if the playlist list is finished.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
The
.BR mpd_send_list_playlists ()
function was added to libmpdclient 2.5.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_send_list_queue_meta (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_free (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_dup (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_get_path (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_get_last_modified (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_begin (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_feed (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_clear (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_clear (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_add (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_add (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_move (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_delete (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_delete (3),
.BR mpd_send_save (3),
.BR mpd_run_save (3),
.BR mpd_send_load (3),
.BR mpd_run_load (3),
.BR mpd_send_load_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_load_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_rename (3),
.BR mpd_run_rename (3),
.BR mpd_send_rm (3),
.BR mpd_run_rm (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
