.TH MPD_PARSE_FINGERPRINT_TYPE 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_parse_fingerprint_type, mpd_send_getfingerprint,
mpd_run_getfingerprint_chromaprint \- fetch fingerprint information from the
MPD server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "enum mpd_fingerprint_type mpd_parse_fingerprint_type(const"
.BI "char *" name );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_getfingerprint(struct connection *" connection ,
.BI "const char *" uri );
.PP
.BI "const char *mpd_run_getfingerprint_chromaprint(struct"
.BI "connection *" connection ", const char *" uri ", char *" buffer ,
.BI "size_t " buffer_size );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_parse_fingerprint_type ()
function parses a mpd_pair
.I name
to check which fingerprint type it contains.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_getfingerprint ()
function sends the "getfingerprint" command to MPD. You should call
.BR mpd_recv_pair (3)
to read response lines. Use
.BR mpd_parse_fingerprint_type ()
to check each pair's name: the pair's value then contains the actual
fingerprint. The function receives a valid and connected
.I connection
and the song name
.IR uri .
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_getfingerprint_chromaprint ()
is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_getfingerprint () ,
.BR mpd_recv_pair_named (3) , 
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3) .
The function receives a valid and connected
.I connection
object, the song
.IR uri ,
a
.I buffer
for the fingerprint string and
the size of the buffer
.IR buffer_size .
.SS The mpd_fingerprint_type enum
The
.IR mpd_fingerprint_type
enum is defined as follows:
.PP
.in +4n
.EX
enum mpd_fingerprint_type {
	MPD_FINGERPRINT_TYPE_UNKNOWN,
	MPD_FINGERPRINT_TYPE_CHROMAPRINT,
};
.EE
.in
.PP
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_parse_fingerprint_type ()
returns the type of the
.I mpd_pair
name.
.PP
.BR mpd_send_getfingerprint ()
returns true on success or false on error.
.PP
.BR mpd_run_getfingerprint_chromaprint ()
returns a pointer to the
.I buffer
on success or NULL on error (or if there was no chromaprint in MPD's response).
Additionally, if the
.I buffer
is too small, behavior is
.IR undefined ;
the library may truncate the string or fail.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
These functions appeared in libmpdclient 2.17 and MPD 0.22.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_recv_pair (3),
.BR mpd_recv_pair_named (3),
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
