.TH MPD_STATS_BEGIN 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_stats_begin, mpd_send_stats, mpd_run_stats, mpd_stats_feed, mpd_recv_stats,
mpd_stats_free \- create/destroy mpd_stats objects
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_stats *mpd_stat_begin(void);"
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_stats(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_stats(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "void mpd_stats_feed(struct mpd_stats *" status ","
.BI "const struct mpd_pair *" pair );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_stats *mpd_recv_stats(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "void mpd_stats_free(struct mpd_stats *" stats );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_stats_begin ()
function creats a new empty stats object. 
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_stats ()
function send the \(lqstats\(rq command to MPD: receive statistics from the
database. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_stats ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_stats ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_stats_feed ()
function parses the
.IR pair ,
adding its information to the specified
.I stats
object.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_recv_stats ()
function receives the stats from the MPD server. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_song_free ()
function frees a 
.I song
object.
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_song_begin ()
returns a new
.I mpd_stats
object, or NULL on error (out of memory).
.PP
.BR mpd_send_stats ()
and
.BR mpd_run_stats ()
return true on success, false on error.
.PP
.PP
.BR mpd_recv_stats ()
returns a
.I mpd_stats
object, or NULL on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_stats_get_number_of_artists (3),
.BR mpd_stats_get_number_of_albums (3),
.BR mpd_stats_get_number_of_songs (3),
.BR mpd_stats_get_uptime (3),
.BR mpd_stats_get_db_update_time (3),
.BR mpd_stats_get_play_time (3),
.BR mpd_stats_get_db_play_time (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
