.TH MPD_CONNECTION_GET_SERVER_ERROR 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_connection_get_server_error, mpd_connection_get_server_error_location,
mpd_connection_get_server_version, mpd_connection_cmp_server_version \- fetch
server information
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "enum mpd_server_error mpd_connection_get_server_error(const struct "
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "unsigned mpd_connection_get_server_error_location(const struct "
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "const unsigned *mpd_connection_get_server_version(const struct "
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "int mpd_connection_cmp_server_version(const struct "
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection ,
.BI "unsigned " major ", unsigned " minor ", unsigned " patch );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error ()
returns information about the last error encountered on the server. Calling
this function is only valid if
.BR mpd_connection_get_error ()
returned
.IR MPD_ERROR_SERVER .
.PP
The
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error_location ()
returns the index within the command list (i.e., location of the server error).
Calling this function is only valid in a command list response, and if
.BR mpd_connection_get_error ()
returned
.IR MPD_ERROR_SERVER .
.PP
The
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_version ()
returns a three-tuple containg the major, minor, and patch version of the MPD
protocol.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_connection_cmp_server_version ()
compares the MPD protocol version with the specified three-tuple. It returns
-1 if the server is older, 1 if it is newer, or 0 if it is equal.
.SS The mpd_server_error enum
The
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error ()
function returns a
.I mpd_server_error
enum, which has one of the following values:
.PP
.in +4n
.EX
enum mpd_server_error {
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_UNK = -1,

	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_NOT_LIST = 1,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_ARG = 2,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_PASSWORD = 3,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_PERMISSION = 4,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_UNKNOWN_CMD = 5,

	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_NO_EXIST = 50,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_PLAYLIST_MAX = 51,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_SYSTEM = 52,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_PLAYLIST_LOAD = 53,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_UPDATE_ALREADY = 54,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_PLAYER_SYNC = 55,
	MPD_SERVER_ERROR_EXIST = 56,
};
.EE
.in
.PP
.SH RETURN VALUE
The
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error ()
function returns a 
.I mpd_server_error
object.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error_location ()
fuction returns the the index within the command list.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_version () 
returns a three-tuple pointer containing the major, minor and patch version of
the MPD protocol.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_connection_cmp_server_version ()
returns an integer less than, equal to, or greater than zero if the server
version is found, respectively, to be less than, to match, or be greater than
the specified version.
.SH ERRORS
No errors are defined.
.SH HISTORY
The function
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error_location ()
first appeared in libmpdclient 2.4.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_connection_new (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_clear_error (3)
