.TH MPD_SEND_SEEK_POS 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_seek_pos, mpd_run_seek_pos, mpd_send_seek_id, mpd_run_seek_id,
mpd_send_seek_id_float, mpd_run_seek_id_float \- seek song on MPD
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_seek_pos(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "unsigned " song_pos ", unsigned " t );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_seek_pos(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "unsigned " song_pos ", unsigned " t );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_seek_id(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "unsigned " song_id ", unsigned " t );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_seek_id(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "unsigned " song_id ", unsigned " t );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_seek_id_float(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "unsigned " song_id ", float " t );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_seek_id_float(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "unsigned " song_id ", float " t );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_seek_pos ()
seeks to the position
.I t
(in seconds)
of position
.I song_pos
in the playlist. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_seek_pos ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_seek_pos ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_seek_id ()
seeks to the position
.I t
(in seconds)
of song id
.IR song_id .
The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_seek_id ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_seek_id ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_seek_id_float ()
seeks to the position
.I t
(in seconds; fractions allowed)
of song id
.IR song_id .
The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_seek_id ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_seek_id_float ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_send_seek_pos (),
.BR mpd_run_seek_pos (),
.BR mpd_send_seek_id (),
.BR mpd_run_seek_id (),
.BR mpd_send_seek_id_float (),
.BR mpd_run_seek_id_float ()
return true on success, false on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_send_current_song (3),
.BR mpd_run_current_song (3),
.BR mpd_send_play (3),
.BR mpd_run_play (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_current (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_current (3),
.BR mpd_send_clearerror (3),
.BR mpd_run_clearerror (3),
.BR mpd_send_play_pos (3),
.BR mpd_run_play_pos (3),
.BR mpd_send_play_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_play_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_stop (3),
.BR mpd_run_stop (3),
.BR mpd_send_toggle_pause (3),
.BR mpd_run_toggle_pause (3),
.BR mpd_send_pause (3),
.BR mpd_run_pause (3),
.BR mpd_send_next (3),
.BR mpd_run_next (3),
.BR mpd_send_previous (3),
.BR mpd_run_previous (3),
.BR mpd_send_repeat (3),
.BR mpd_run_repeat (3),
.BR mpd_send_random (3),
.BR mpd_run_random (3),
.BR mpd_send_single_state (3),
.BR mpd_send_single (3),
.BR mpd_run_single_state (3),
.BR mpd_run_single (3),
.BR mpd_send_consume (3),
.BR mpd_run_consume (3),
.BR mpd_send_crossfade (3),
.BR mpd_run_crossfade (3),
.BR mpd_send_mixramdb (3),
.BR mpd_run_mixramdb (3),
.BR mpd_send_mixrampdelay (3),
.BR mpd_run_mixrampdelay (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
