.TH MPD_COUNT_DB_SONGS 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_count_db_songs, mpd_search_commit, mpd_search_cancel,
mpd_recv_pair_tag \- finalize the search operation on the MPD server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_count_db_songs(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_search_commit(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_search_cancel(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_recv_pair_tag(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "enum mpd_tag_type " type );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_count_db_songs ()
function gathers statistics on a set of songs in the database. Constraint may
be specified with, e.g.,
.BR mpd_search_add_tag_constraint (3).
Send the command with
.BR mpd_search_commit (),
and read the response with
.BR mpd_recv_stats (3).
The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_search_commit ()
function starts the real search with constaints added with, e.g.,
.BR mpd_search_add_tag_constraint (3).
The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_search_cancel ()
function cancels the search request before you have called
.BR mpd_search_commit ().
Call this to clear the current search request. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_recv_pair_tag ()
function works as
.BR mpd_recv_pair_named (3),
but the pair name is specified as the tag 
.IR type .
The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.SS The mpd_tag_type enum
The
.I mpd_tag_type
enum is defined as follows:
.PP
.in +4n
.EX
/**
 * @since libmpdclient 2.10 added support for #MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_RELEASETRACKID.
 * @since libmpdclient 2.11 added support for #MPD_TAG_ARTIST_SORT and #MPD_TAG_ALBUM_ARTIST_SORT
 * @since libmpdclient 2.17 added support for #MPD_TAG_LABEL and #MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_WORKID.
 */
enum mpd_tag_type
{
	/**
	 * Special value returned by mpd_tag_name_parse() when an
	 * unknown name was passed.
	 */
	MPD_TAG_UNKNOWN = -1,

	MPD_TAG_ARTIST,
	MPD_TAG_ALBUM,
	MPD_TAG_ALBUM_ARTIST,
	MPD_TAG_TITLE,
	MPD_TAG_TRACK,
	MPD_TAG_NAME,
	MPD_TAG_GENRE,
	MPD_TAG_DATE,
	MPD_TAG_COMPOSER,
	MPD_TAG_PERFORMER,
	MPD_TAG_COMMENT,
	MPD_TAG_DISC,

	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_ARTISTID,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_ALBUMID,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_ALBUMARTISTID,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_TRACKID,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_RELEASETRACKID,

	MPD_TAG_ORIGINAL_DATE,

	MPD_TAG_ARTIST_SORT,
	MPD_TAG_ALBUM_ARTIST_SORT,

	MPD_TAG_ALBUM_SORT,
	MPD_TAG_LABEL,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_WORKID,

	MPD_TAG_GROUPING,
	MPD_TAG_WORK,
	MPD_TAG_CONDUCTOR,

	/* IMPORTANT: the ordering of tag types above must be
	   retained, or else the libmpdclient ABI breaks */

	MPD_TAG_COUNT
};
.EE
.in
.SH RETURN VALUE
All functions return true on success, false on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_recv_pair_named (3),
.BR mpd_search_db_songs (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_db_songs (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_db_songs_to_playlist (3),
.BR mpd_search_queue_songs (3),
.BR mpd_search_db_tags (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_base_constraint (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_uri_constraint (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_tag_constraint (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_any_tag_constraint (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_modified_since_constraint (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_expression (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_group_tag (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_sort_name (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_sort_tag (3),
.BR mpd_search_add_window (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
