.TH MPD_SEND_STOP 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_stop, mpd_run_stop, mpd_send_pause, mpd_run_pause, 
mpd_send_toggle_pause, mpd_run_toggle_pause \- stop playing the current song
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_stop(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_stop(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_pause(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "bool " mode );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_pause(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "bool " mode );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_toggle_pause(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_toggle_pause(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_stop ()
function stops playing the current song. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_stop ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_stop ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_pause ()
function pauses/resumes playing the current song. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server and a
.I mode
with one of the following values:
.TP
.B true
The song should be stopped.
.TP
.B false
The song should be resumed.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_pause ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_pause ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_toggle_pause ()
toggles the pause mode by sending \(lqpause\(rq without arguments.
.IR "This function uses a deprecated feature of MPD, you should avoid it" .
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_toggle_pause ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_toggle_pause ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.IR "This function uses a deprecated feature of MPD, you should avoid it" .
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_send_stop (),
.BR mpd_run_stop (),
.BR mpd_send_pause (),
.BR mpd_run_pause (),
.BR mpd_send_toggle_pause (),
.BR mpd_run_toggle_pause ()
return true on success, false on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_send_current_song (3),
.BR mpd_run_current_song (3),
.BR mpd_send_play (3),
.BR mpd_run_play (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_current (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_current (3),
.BR mpd_send_clearerror (3),
.BR mpd_run_clearerror (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_pos (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_pos (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_id_float (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_id_float (3),
.BR mpd_send_play_pos (3),
.BR mpd_run_play_pos (3),
.BR mpd_send_play_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_play_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_next (3),
.BR mpd_run_next (3),
.BR mpd_send_previous (3),
.BR mpd_run_previous (3),
.BR mpd_send_repeat (3),
.BR mpd_run_repeat (3),
.BR mpd_send_random (3),
.BR mpd_run_random (3),
.BR mpd_send_single (3),
.BR mpd_run_single (3),
.BR mpd_send_consume (3),
.BR mpd_run_consume (3),
.BR mpd_send_crossfade (3),
.BR mpd_run_crossfade (3),
.BR mpd_send_mixramdb (3),
.BR mpd_run_mixramdb (3),
.BR mpd_send_mixrampdelay (3),
.BR mpd_run_mixrampdelay (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
