.TH MPD_OUTPUT_GET_ID 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_output_get_id, mpd_output_get_name, mpd_output_get_plugin, 
mpd_output_get_enabled, mpd_output_get_attribute, mpd_output_first_attribute, 
mpd_output_next_attribute \- manage the mpd_output structure
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "unsigned *mpd_output_get_id(const struct mpd_output *" output );
.PP
.BI "const char *mpd_output_get_name(const struct mpd_output *" output );
.PP
.BI "const char *mpd_output_get_plugin(const struct mpd_output *" output );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_output_get_enabled(const struct mpd_output *" output );
.PP
.BI "const char *mpd_output_get_attribute(const"
.BI "struct mpd_output *" output ", const char *" name );
.PP
.BI "const struct mpd_pair *mpd_output_first_attribute(const"
.BI "struct mpd_output *" output );
.PP
.BI "const struct mpd_pair *mpd_output_next_attribute(const"
.BI "struct mpd_output *" output );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_output_get_id ()
function returns the id of the specified
.IR mpd_output .
.PP
The
.BR mpd_output_get_name ()
function returns the configured name of the specified
.IR mpd_output .
.PP
The
.BR mpd_output_get_plugin ()
function returns the plugin of the specified
.IR mpd_output .
.PP
The
.BR mpd_output_get_enabled ()
function returns the state of the specified
.IR mpd_output .
.PP
The
.BR mpd_output_get_attribute ()
function finds an attribute with the given
.I name
for the specified
.I output
and return its value.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_output_first_attribute ()
function obtains the first attribute for this
.IR output .
This rewinds the current attribute pointer to the start. Call
.BR mpd_output_next_attribute ()
to obtain more attributes.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_output_next_attribute ()
function obtains the next attribute for this
.IR output .
Call this function repeatdly until it returns NULL to get a full list
of attributes.
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_output_get_id ()
returns an unsigned int containg the id of the specified
.IR output .
.PP
.BR mpd_output_get_name (),
.BR mpd_output_get_plugin (),
.BR mpd_output_first_attribute (),
.BR mpd_output_next_attribute ()
return the configured name, plugin, first attribute, and next attribute of the
specified
.IR output ,
respectively.
.PP
For 
.BR mpd_output_get_plugin (),
it returns NULL if none was specified by the server.
.PP
For
.BR mpd_output_get_attribute ()
and
.BR mpd_output_first_attribute(),
they return NULL if there are no attributes.
.PP
For
.BR mpd_output_next_attribute (),
it returns NULL if there are no more attributes.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
The
.BR mpd_output_get_plugin (),
.BR mpd_output_first_attribute (),
.BR mpd_output_next_attribute ()
functions were added to libmpdclient 2.14 and to MPD 0.21.
.PP
.BR mpd_output_get_attribute ()
function was added to libmpdclient 2.16 and to MPD 0.21.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_output_begin (3),
.BR mpd_output_feed (3),
.BR mpd_output_free (3),
.BR mpd_send_outputs (3),
.BR mpd_run_outputs (3),
.BR mpd_send_enable_output (3),
.BR mpd_run_enable_output (3),
.BR mpd_send_disable_output (3),
.BR mpd_run_disable_output (3),
.BR mpd_send_toggle_output (3),
.BR mpd_run_toggle_output (3),
.BR mpd_send_output_set (3),
.BR mpd_run_output_set (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
