.TH MPD_SEND_PRIO 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_prio, mpd_run_prio, mpd_send_prio_range,
mpd_run_prio_range, mpd_send_prio_id, mpd_run_prio_id \-
manipulate the priority of songs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_prio(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "int " priority ", unsigned " position );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_prio(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "int " priority ", unsigned " position );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_prio_range(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "int " priority ", unsigned " start ", unsigned " end );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_prio_range(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "int " priority ", unsigned " start ", unsigned " end );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_prio_id(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "int " priority ", unsigned " id );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_prio_id(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "int " priority ", unsigned " id );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_prio ()
function changes the 
.I priority
of the specified song
.IR position .
The
.I priority
value ranges from 0 to 255. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_prio ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_prio ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_prio_range ()
function changes the
.I priority
of the song range from the
.I start
position (including) up to the
.I end
position (excluding); the special value
.I UINT_MAX
makes the
.I end
of the range open. The
.I priority
value ranges from 0 to 255. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_prio_change ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_prio_change ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_prio_id ()
function changes the 
.I priority
of the specified song
.IR id .
The
.I priority
value ranges from 0 to 255. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_prio_id ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_prio_id ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
All functions return true on success, false on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
The
.BR mpd_send_prio (),
.BR mpd_run_prio (),
.BR mpd_send_prio_range (),
.BR mpd_run_prio_range (),
.BR mpd_send_prio_id (),
.BR mpd_run_prio_id ()
functions were added to libmpdclient 2.6.
.PP
The use of
.I UINT_MAX
in
.BR mpd_send_prio_range ()
and
.BR mpd_run_prio_range ()
was added in libmpdclient 2.8.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_queue_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_queue_range_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_pos (3),
.BR mpd_run_get_queue_song_pos (3),
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_get_queue_song_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_brief (3),
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_brief_range (3),
.BR mpd_recv_queue_change_brief (3),
.BR mpd_send_add (3),
.BR mpd_run_add (3),
.BR mpd_send_add_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_add_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_add_id_to (3),
.BR mpd_run_add_id_to (3),
.BR mpd_recv_song_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_delete (3),
.BR mpd_run_delete (3),
.BR mpd_send_delete_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_delete_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_delete_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_delete_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_shuffle (3),
.BR mpd_run_shuffle (3),
.BR mpd_send_shuffle_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_shuffle_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_clear (3),
.BR mpd_run_clear (3),
.BR mpd_send_move (3),
.BR mpd_run_move (3),
.BR mpd_send_move_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_move_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_move_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_move_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_swap (3),
.BR mpd_run_swap (3),
.BR mpd_send_swap_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_swap_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_add_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_add_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_clear_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_clear_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_clear_all_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_clear_all_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
