.TH MPD_SEND_SAVE 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_save, mpd_run_save, mpd_send_load, mpd_run_load, mpd_send_load_range,
mpd_run_load_range \- manipulate stored playlist
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_save(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_save(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_load(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_load(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_load_range(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name ", unsigned " start ", unsigned " end );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_load_range(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name ", unsigned " start ", unsigned " end );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_save ()
function saves the current queue as a
.IR name .m3u
file in the playlist directory. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_save ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_save ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_load ()
function loads the stored playlist
.IR name .m3u
into the queue. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_load ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_load ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_load_range ()
function is like
.BR mpd_send_load (),
but load only a portion of the stored 
.I name
playlist: from the
.I start
position (including) up to the
.I end
position (excluding); the special value
.I UINT_MAX
makes the
.I end
range open.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_load_range ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_load_range ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
All functions return true on success, false on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
The
.BR mpd_send_load (),
.BR mpd_run_load ()
functions were added to libmpdclient 2.0.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_load_range (),
.BR mpd_run_load_range (),
functions were added to libmpdclient 2.16.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_free (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_dup (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_get_path (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_get_last_modified (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_begin (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_feed (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlists (3),
.BR mpd_recv_playlist (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_clear (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_clear (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_add (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_add (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_move (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_move (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_delete (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_delete (3),
.BR mpd_send_rename (3),
.BR mpd_run_rename (3),
.BR mpd_send_rm (3),
.BR mpd_run_rm (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
