.TH MPD_SEND_DISABLE_TAG_TYPES 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_disable_tag_types, mpd_run_disable_tag_types, 
mpd_send_enable_tag_types, mpd_run_enable_tag_types, mpd_send_clear_tag_types,
mpd_run_clear_tag_types\- operates on the list of tag types
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_disable_tag_types(struct mpd_connection *" connection
.BI "const enum mpd_tag_types *" types ,
.BI "unsigned " n );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_enable_tag_types(struct mpd_connection *" connection
.BI "const enum mpd_tag_types *" types ,
.BI "unsigned " n );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_clear_tag_types(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_disable_tag_types(struct mpd_connection *" connection
.BI "const enum mpd_tag_types *" types ,
.BI "unsigned " n );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_enable_tag_types(struct mpd_connection *" connection
.BI "const enum mpd_tag_types *" types ,
.BI "unsigned " n );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_clear_tag_types(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_disable_tag_types ()
function removes one or more tags from the list of tag types the client is
interested in. The parameter
.IR types
is an array of tag types to disable and
.IR n
is the number of tag types in said array. The
.BR mpd_run_disable_tag_types ()
is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_disable_tag_types ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish().
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_enable_tag_types ()
function enables one or more tags from the list of tag types the client is
interested in. The parameter
.IR types
is an array of tag types to enable and
.IR n
is the number of tag types in said array. The
.BR mpd_run_enable_tag_types ()
is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_enable_tag_types ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish().
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_clear_tag_types ()
function clears the list of tags the client is interested in. This means that
MPD will not send any tags to this client. The
.BR mpd_run_clear_tag_types ()
is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_clear_tag_types ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish().
.PP
.SS The mpd_tag_type enum
The
.I mpd_tag_type
enum is defined as follows:
.PP
.in +4n
.EX
/**
 * @since libmpdclient 2.10 added support for #MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_RELEASETRACKID.
 * @since libmpdclient 2.11 added support for #MPD_TAG_ARTIST_SORT and #MPD_TAG_ALBUM_ARTIST_SORT
 * @since libmpdclient 2.17 added support for #MPD_TAG_LABEL and #MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_WORKID.
 */
enum mpd_tag_type
{
	/**
	 * Special value returned by mpd_tag_name_parse() when an
	 * unknown name was passed.
	 */
	MPD_TAG_UNKNOWN = -1,

	MPD_TAG_ARTIST,
	MPD_TAG_ALBUM,
	MPD_TAG_ALBUM_ARTIST,
	MPD_TAG_TITLE,
	MPD_TAG_TRACK,
	MPD_TAG_NAME,
	MPD_TAG_GENRE,
	MPD_TAG_DATE,
	MPD_TAG_COMPOSER,
	MPD_TAG_PERFORMER,
	MPD_TAG_COMMENT,
	MPD_TAG_DISC,

	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_ARTISTID,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_ALBUMID,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_ALBUMARTISTID,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_TRACKID,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_RELEASETRACKID,

	MPD_TAG_ORIGINAL_DATE,

	MPD_TAG_ARTIST_SORT,
	MPD_TAG_ALBUM_ARTIST_SORT,

	MPD_TAG_ALBUM_SORT,
	MPD_TAG_LABEL,
	MPD_TAG_MUSICBRAINZ_WORKID,

	MPD_TAG_GROUPING,
	MPD_TAG_WORK,
	MPD_TAG_CONDUCTOR,

	/* IMPORTANT: the ordering of tag types above must be
	   retained, or else the libmpdclient ABI breaks */

	MPD_TAG_COUNT
};
.EE
.in
.PP
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_send_disable_tag_types (),
.BR mpd_send_enabled_tag_types (),
.BR mpd_send_clear_tag_types ()
return true on success, false otherwise. These functions are wrappers of
.BR mpd_send_command ().
.PP
.BR mpd_run_disable_tag_types (),
.BR mpd_run_enabled_tag_types (),
.BR mpd_run_clear_tag_types ()
return true on success, false otherwise. These functions are wrappers of
.BR mpd_send_command ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish ().
.SH ERRORS
If the functions return false, the user should use one of the error functions
of libmpdclient.
.SH HISTORY
The functions first appeared in libmpdclient 2.12 and MPD 0.21.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_send_command(3),
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_connection_new (3),
.BR mpd_connect_new_async (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3)
