.TH MPD_NEIGHBOR_BEGIN 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_neighbor_begin, mpd_neighbor_feed, mpd_neighbor_free,
mpd_neighbor_get_uri, mpd_neighbor_get_display_name \- manipulate
mpd_neighbor objects
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_neighbor *mpd_neighbor_begin(const struct mpd_pair *" pair );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_neighbor_feed(struct mpd_neighbor *" neighbor ","
.BI "const struct mpd_pair *" pair );
.PP
.BI "void mpd_neighbor_free(struct mpd_neighbor *" neighbor );
.PP
.BI "const char *mpd_neighbor_get_uri(const struct mpd_neighbor *" neighbor );
.PP
.BI "const char *mpd_neighbor_get_display_name(const"
.BI "struct mpd_neighbor *" neighbor );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_neighbor_begin ()
function creates a new neighbor object from the
.I pair
received from the MPD server. A neighbor is an accessible file server on the
local net.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_neighbor_feed ()
function parses the
.IR pair ,
adding its information to the specified
.I neighbor
object.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_partition_free ()
function frees a 
.I neighbor
object.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_neighbor_get_uri ()
function returns the
.I neighbor
mount point URI.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_neighbor_get_display_name ()
function returns the
.I neighbor
display name.
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_neighbor_begin ()
returns a new
.I mpd_neighbor
object, or NULL on error (out of memory or wrong pair name).
.PP
.BR mpd_neighbor_feed ()
returns true if the
.I pair
was parsed and added to the
.I neighbor
(or if the
.I pair
was not understood and ignored), false if this
.I pair
is the beginning of the next neighbor.
.PP
.BR mpd_partition_get_uri (),
.BR mpd_neighbor_get_display_name ()
return the 
.I neighbor
mount URI and display name, respectively, as
.IR "const char *" .
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
All functions were added to libmpdclient 2.17.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_send_list_neighbors (3),
.BR mpd_recv_neighbor (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
