.TH MPD_SEND_CURRENT_SONG 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_current_song, mpd_run_current_song, mpd_send_play, mpd_run_play,
mpd_send_clearerror, mpd_run_clearerror \- manipulate current song
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_current_song(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_song *mpd_run_current_song(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_play(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_play(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_seek_current(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "float " t ", bool " relative );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_seek_current(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "float " t ", bool " relative );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_clearerror(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_clearerror(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_current_song ()
function fetches the currently selected song (the song referenced by
.BR mpd_status_get_song_id (3)).
Call
.BR mpd_recv_song (3)
to receive the response. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_current_song ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_current_song ()
and
.BR mpd_recv_song (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_play ()
function starts playing the current song from the beginning. The function
receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_play ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_play ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_seek_current ()
function seeks the current song. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server, the position
.I t
within the song, in seconds, and the
.I relative
parameter: if true, makes
.I t
a relative to the current position.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_seek_current ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_seek_current ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_clearerror ()
function clears the current error message in MPD's status (this is also
accomplished by any command that starts playback). The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_clearerror ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_clearerror ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_send_current_song (),
.BR mpd_send_play (),
.BR mpd_run_play (),
.BR mpd_send_seek_current (),
.BR mpd_run_seek_current (),
.BR mpd_send_clearerror (),
.BR mpd_run_clearerror ()
return true on success, false on error.
.PP
.BR mpd_run_current_song ()
returns the current song, or NULL on error or if there is no current song.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
The
.BR mpd_send_clearerror ()
and
.BR mpd_run_clearerror ()
functions were added since libmpdclient 2.4.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_seek_current ()
and
.BR mpd_run_seek_current ()
functions were added since libmpdclient 2.15 (and MPD 0.17).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_status_get_song_id (3),
.BR mpd_recv_song (3),
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_send_play_pos (3),
.BR mpd_run_play_pos (3),
.BR mpd_send_play_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_play_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_stop (3),
.BR mpd_run_stop (3),
.BR mpd_send_toggle_pause (3),
.BR mpd_run_toggle_pause (3),
.BR mpd_send_pause (3),
.BR mpd_run_pause (3),
.BR mpd_send_next (3),
.BR mpd_run_next (3),
.BR mpd_send_previous (3),
.BR mpd_run_previous (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_pos (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_pos (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_id_float (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_id_float (3),
.BR mpd_send_repeat (3),
.BR mpd_run_repeat (3),
.BR mpd_send_random (3),
.BR mpd_run_random (3),
.BR mpd_send_single (3),
.BR mpd_run_single (3),
.BR mpd_send_consume (3),
.BR mpd_run_consume (3),
.BR mpd_send_crossfade (3),
.BR mpd_run_crossfade (3),
.BR mpd_send_mixramdb (3),
.BR mpd_run_mixramdb (3),
.BR mpd_send_mixrampbdelay (3),
.BR mpd_run_mixrampdelay (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
