.TH MPD_SEND_QUEUE_CHANGES_META 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_queue_changes_meta, mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_range,
mpd_send_queue_changes_brief, mpd_send_queue_changes_brief_range,
mpd_recv_queue_change_brief \- fetch changes from the queue (current playlist)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_queue_changes_meta(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "unsigned " version );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_range(struct"
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection ", unsigned " version ","
.BI "unsigned " start ", unsigned " end );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_brief(struct"
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection ", unsigned " version );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_brief(struct"
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection ", unsigned " version ","
.BI "unsigned " start ", unsigned " end );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_recv_queue_change_brief(struct"
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection ", unsigned *" position_r ","
.BI "unsigned *" id_r );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta ()
function requests the queue changes from MPD since the specified
.IR version ,
including tags. The current
.I version
can be fetched with
.BR mpd_status_get_queue_version (3).
Use
.BR mpd_recv_song (3)
to receive the songs of the new version. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_range ()
function is like
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta (),
but limit the results to a range: from the
.I start
position (including) up to the
.I end
position (excluding); the special value
.I UINT_MAX
makes the
.I end
of the range open. The function also receives the current
.I version
of the queue and a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_brief ()
function is a more bandwidth efficient version of
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta ().
It only returns the position and id of changed songs. Use
.BR mpd_recv_queue_change_brief ()
for the response. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server and the current
.I version
of the queue.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_brief_range ()
function is like
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_brief (),
but limit the results to a range: from the
.I start
position (including) up to the
.I end
position (excluding); the specicial value
.I UINT_MAX
makes the
.I end
of the range open. The function also receives the current
.I version
of the queue and a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_recv_queue_change_brief ()
function receives a response element of
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_brief ()
or
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_brief_range ().
The function writes the position of the changed song to parameter
.IR position_r ,
and the song id of the changed song to parameter
.IR id_r .
Additionally, the function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.SH RETURN VALUE
All functions return true on success, false on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
The
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_meta_range ()
and
.BR mpd_send_queue_changes_brief_range ()
functions were added to libmpdclient 2.12.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_recv_song (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_queue_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_queue_range_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_pos (3),
.BR mpd_run_get_queue_song_pos (3),
.BR mpd_send_get_queue_song_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_get_queue_song_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_add (3),
.BR mpd_run_add (3),
.BR mpd_send_add_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_add_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_add_id_to (3),
.BR mpd_run_add_id_to (3),
.BR mpd_recv_song_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_delete (3),
.BR mpd_run_delete (3),
.BR mpd_send_delete_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_delete_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_delete_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_delete_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_shuffle (3),
.BR mpd_run_shuffle (3),
.BR mpd_send_shuffle_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_shuffle_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_clear (3),
.BR mpd_run_clear (3),
.BR mpd_send_move (3),
.BR mpd_run_move (3),
.BR mpd_send_move_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_move_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_move_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_move_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_swap (3),
.BR mpd_run_swap (3),
.BR mpd_send_swap_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_swap_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_add_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_add_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_clear_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_clear_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_clear_all_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_clear_all_tag_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_prio (3),
.BR mpd_run_prio (3),
.BR mpd_send_prio_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_prio_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_prio_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_prio_id (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
