.TH MPD_PLAYLIST_BEGIN 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_playlist_begin, mpd_playlist_free, mpd_playlist_dup, 
mpd_playlist_feed, mpd_playlist_get_path, mpd_playlist_get_last_modified \-
manipulate mpd_playlist object
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_playlist *mpd_playlist_begin(const struct mpd_pair *" pair );
.PP
.BI "void mpd_playlist_free(struct mpd_playlist *" playlist );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_playlist *mpd_playlist_dup(const"
.BI "struct mpd_playlist *" playlist );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_playlist_feed(struct mpd_playlist *" playlist ","
.BI "const struct mpd_pair *" pair );
.PP
.BI "const char *mpd_playlist_get_path(const struct mpd_playlist *" playlist );
.PP
.BI "time_t mpd_playlist_get_last_modified(const"
.BI "struct mpd_playlist *" playlist );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_playlist_begin ()
function begins parsing a new mpd_playlist object from the first
.I pair
in this playlist (name must be \(lqplaylist\(rq).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_playlist_free ()
function frees memory allocated by the
.I playlist
object.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_playlist_dup ()
function duplicates a
.I playlist
object.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_playlist_feed ()
function parses the
.IR pair ,
adding its information to the specified
.I playlist
object.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_playlist_get_path ()
function returns the path name of this playlist file (it does not begin with a
slash).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_playlist_get_last_modified ()
function returns the POSIX UTC time stamp of the last modification, or 0 if
that is unknown.
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_playlist_begin ()
returns a new
.I mpd_playlist
object, or NULL on error (out of memory, or
.I pair
name is not \(lqplaylist\(rq).
.PP
.BR mpd_playlist_dup ()
returns a new
.I mpd_playlist
obect, or NULL on out of memory.
.PP
.BR mpd_playlist_feed ()
returns true if the
.I pair
was parsed and added to the
.I playlist
(or if the
.I pair
was not understood and ignored), false if this
.I pair
is the beginning of the next playlist.
.PP
.BR mpd_playlist_get_path ()
returns the path name of this playlist file as a
.IR "const char *" .
.PP
.BR mpd_playlist_get_last_modified ()
returns the POSIX UTC time stamp (or 0 if that is unknown) as a
.IR time_t .
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_send_list_playlists (3),
.BR mpd_recv_playlist (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_clear (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_clear (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_add (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_add (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_move (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_delete (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_delete (3),
.BR mpd_send_save (3),
.BR mpd_run_save (3),
.BR mpd_send_load (3),
.BR mpd_run_load (3),
.BR mpd_send_load_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_load_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_rename (3),
.BR mpd_run_rename (3),
.BR mpd_send_rm (3),
.BR mpd_run_rm (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
