.TH MPD_SEND_NEWPARTITION 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_newpartition, mpd_run_newpartition, mpd_send_switch_partition, 
mpd_run_switch_partition, mpd_send_listpartitions, mpd_recv_partition_pair \-
manipulate MPD partitions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_newpartition(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" partition );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_newpartition(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" partition );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_switch_partition(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" partition );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_switch_partition(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" partition );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_listpartitions(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_pair *mpd_recv_partition_pair(struct"
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_newpartition ()
function creates a new partition named
.I partition
on the MPD server. A partition is one frontend of a multi-player MPD process:
it has separate queue, player and outputs. A client is assigned to one
partition at a time. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_newpartition ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_newpartition ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_switch_partition ()
switches the client to a different
.IR partition .
The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_switch_partition ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_switch_partition ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_listpartitions ()
function sends the \(lqlistpartitions\(rq command: request the list of
partitions. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_recv_partition_pair ()
receives the next partition name. Call this in a loop after
.BR mpd_send_listpartitions ().
Free the return value with
.BR mpd_return_pair (3).
The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_send_newpartition (),
.BR mpd_run_newpartition (),
.BR mpd_send_switch_partition (),
.BR mpd_run_switch_partition (),
.BR mpd_send_listpartitions ()
return true on success, false on error.
.PP
.BR mpd_recv_partition_pair ()
returns a \(lqpartition\(rq
.IR pair ,
or NULL on error or if the end of the response is reached.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
All functions were added to libmpdclient 2.17.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_return_pair (3),
.BR mpd_partition_new (3),
.BR mpd_partition_free (3),
.BR mpd_partition_get_name (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
