.TH MPD_SEND_NEXT 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_next, mpd_run_next, mpd_send_previous, mpd_run_previous, 
mpd_send_repeat, mpd_run_repeat, mpd_send_random, mpd_run_random \- manipulate
MPD's playlist
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_next(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_next(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_previous(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_previous(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_repeat(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "bool " mode );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_repeat(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "bool " mode );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_random(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "bool " mode );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_random(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "bool " mode );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_next ()
function plays the next song in the playlist. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_next ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_next ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_previous ()
function plays the previous song in the playlist. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_previous ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_previous ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_repeat ()
function sets repeat mode on/off for the current song. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server and a
.I mode
with one of the following values:
.TP
.B true
MPD enables repeat mode.
.TP
.B false
MPD disables repeat mode.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_repeat ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_repeat ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_random ()
function sets random mode on/off for the queue. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server and a
.I mode
with one of the following values:
.TP
.B true
MPD enables random mode.
.TP
.B false
MPD disables random mode.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_random ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_random ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_send_next (),
.BR mpd_run_next (),
.BR mpd_send_previous (),
.BR mpd_run_previous (),
.BR mpd_send_repeat (),
.BR mpd_run_repeat (),
.BR mpd_send_random (),
.BR mpd_run_random ()
return true on success, false on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_send_current_song (3),
.BR mpd_run_current_song (3),
.BR mpd_send_play (3),
.BR mpd_run_play (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_current (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_current (3),
.BR mpd_send_clearerror (3),
.BR mpd_run_clearerror (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_pos (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_pos (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_seek_id_float (3),
.BR mpd_run_seek_id_float (3),
.BR mpd_send_play_pos (3),
.BR mpd_run_play_pos (3),
.BR mpd_send_play_id (3),
.BR mpd_run_play_id (3),
.BR mpd_send_stop (3),
.BR mpd_run_stop (3),
.BR mpd_send_pause (3),
.BR mpd_run_pause (3),
.BR mpd_send_toggle_pause (3),
.BR mpd_run_toggle_pause (3),
.BR mpd_send_single (3),
.BR mpd_run_single (3),
.BR mpd_send_consume (3),
.BR mpd_run_consume (3),
.BR mpd_send_crossfade (3),
.BR mpd_run_crossfade (3),
.BR mpd_send_mixramdb (3),
.BR mpd_run_mixramdb (3),
.BR mpd_send_mixrampdelay (3),
.BR mpd_run_mixrampdelay (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
