.TH MPD_RECV_BINARY 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_recv_binary, mpd_recv_pair, mpd_recv_pair_named, mpd_return_pair,
mpd_enqueue_pair \- reads response/mpd_pair from the MPD server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_recv_binary(struct mpd_connection *"connection ", void *" data ","
.BI "size_t " length );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_pair *mpd_recv_pair(struct mpd_connection *" connection );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_pair *mpd_recv_pair_named(struct"
.BI "mpd_connection *" connection ", const char *" name );
.PP
.BI "void mpd_return_pair(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "struct mpd_pair *" pair );
.PP
.BI "void mpd_enqueue_pair(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "struct mpd_pair *" pair );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_recv_binary ()
function reads at most
.I length
binary data response to the buffer
.IR data .
The size and binary pair must be already read from the input buffer. The
function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_recv_pair ()
function reads the next mpd_pair from the server. The caller must dispose the
pair with either
.BR mpd_return_pair ()
or
.BR mpd_enqueue_pair ().
The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_recv_pair_named ()
function works like
.BR mpd_recv_pair_named (),
but discards all pairs not matching the specified
.IR name .
The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_return_pair ()
function indicates that the
.I pair
is not needed anymore, and can be freed. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_enqueue_pair ()
function unreads the
.IR pair .
You may unread only the one
.I pair
you just got from
.BR mpd_recv_pair ().
Unreading the "NULL" pair is allowed, to allow you to call
.BR mpd_recv_pair ()
again at the end of a response.
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_recv_binary ()
returns true on success, false on error.
.PP
.BR mpd_recv_pair ()
and
.BR mpd_recv_pair_named ()
return the next
.I mpd_pair
from the server or NULL if there are no more pairs.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH HISTORY
The
.BR mpd_recv_binary ()
function was added to libmpdclient 2.17.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
