.TH MPD_SEND_PLAYLIST_CLEAR 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_send_playlist_clear, mpd_run_playlist_clear, mpd_send_playlist_add, 
mpd_run_playlist_add, mpd_send_playlist_move, mpd_send_playlist_delete,
mpd_run_playlist_delete \- manipulate MPD's playlists
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_playlist_clear(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_playlist_clear(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_playlist_add(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name ", const char *" path );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_playlist_add(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name ", const char *" path );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_playlist_move(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name ", unsigned " from ", unsigned " to );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_send_playlist_delete(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name ", unsigned " pos );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_run_playlist_delete(struct mpd_connection *" connection ","
.BI "const char *" name ", unsigned " pos );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_send_playlist_clear ()
function clears the
.I name
playlist (i.e., truncate 
.IR name .m3u).
The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_playlist_clear ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_playlist_clear ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_playlist_add ()
function adds the
.I path
URI to the
.I name
playlist. The
.I name
playlist will be created if it does not exist. The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_playlist_add ()
is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_playlist_add ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_playlist_move ()
function moves a song at the position
.I from
to
.I to
in the playlist
.IR name .
The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_send_playlist_delete ()
function deletes the position
.I pos
from the playlist
.IR name .
The function also receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_run_playlist_delete ()
function is a shortcut for
.BR mpd_send_playlist_delete ()
and
.BR mpd_response_finish (3).
.SH RETURN VALUE
All functions return true on success, false on error.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_response_finish (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_free (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_dup (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_get_path (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_get_last_modified (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_begin (3),
.BR mpd_playlist_feed (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlists (3),
.BR mpd_recv_playlist (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist (3),
.BR mpd_send_list_playlist_meta (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_clear (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_clear (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_add (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_add (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_move (3),
.BR mpd_send_playlist_delete (3),
.BR mpd_run_playlist_delete (3),
.BR mpd_send_save (3),
.BR mpd_run_save (3),
.BR mpd_send_load (3),
.BR mpd_run_load (3),
.BR mpd_send_load_range (3),
.BR mpd_run_load_range (3),
.BR mpd_send_rename (3),
.BR mpd_run_rename (3),
.BR mpd_send_rm (3),
.BR mpd_run_rm (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
