.TH MPD_CONNECTION_SET_KEEPALIVE 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_connection_set_keepalive, mpd_connection_set_timeout \- Tune connection
parameters
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_connection_set_keepalive(struct mpd_connecton *" connection ,
.BI "bool " keepalive );
.PP
.BI "void mpd_connection_set_timeout(struct mpd_connection *" connection ,
.BI "unsigned "timeout_ms );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_connection_set_keepalive ()
enables/disables TCP keepalives. Keppalives are enabled using the SO_KEEPALIVE
socket option. They may be required for long-idled connections to persist on
some networks that would otherwise terminate inactive TCP sessions.
.PP
The parameter
.IR keepalive
determines the use or not of TCP keepalives. The default is false.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_connection_set_timeout ()
sets the timeout for synchronous operations. If the MPD server does not send a
response during this time span, the operation is aborted by libmpdclient.
.PP
The parameter
.IR timeout_ms
sets the desired timeout in milliseconds.
.IR "It must not be zero" ;
Otherwise, the initial value is the one passed to
.BR mpd_connection_new ().
If you have used
.BR mpd_connection_new_async (),
then the default value is 30 seconds.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The
.BR mpd_connection_set_keepalive ()
returns true on success, of false if 
.BR setsockopt ()
failed.
.SH ERRORS
No errors are defined.
.SH HISTORY
.BR mpd_connection_set_keepalive ()
was added since libmpdclient 2.10.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_connection_new (3),
.BR mpd_connection_new_async (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_fd (3),
