.TH MPD_SONG_BEGIN 3 2019
.SH NAME
mpd_song_begin, mpd_song_feed, mpd_recv_song,
mpd_song_dup, mpd_song_free \- create/destroy mpd_song objects
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <mpd/client.h>
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_song *mpd_song_begin(const struct mpd_pair *" pair );
.PP
.BI "bool mpd_song_feed(struct mpd_song *" song ","
.BI "const struct mpd_pair *" pair );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_song *mpd_recv_song(struct mpd_song *" song );
.PP
.BI "struct mpd_song *mpd_song_dup(const struct mpd_song *" song );
.PP
.BI "void mpd_song_free(struct mpd_song *" song );
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR mpd_song_begin ()
function begins parsing a new song object from the
.I pair
received from the MPD server. 
.PP
The
.BR mpd_song_feed ()
function parses the
.IR pair ,
adding its information to the specified
.I song
object.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_recv_song ()
function receives the next song from the MPD server. The function receives a
.I connection
to the MPD server.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_song_dup ()
function duplicates the specified
.I song
object.
.PP
The
.BR mpd_song_free ()
function frees a 
.I song
object.
.SH RETURN VALUE
.BR mpd_song_begin ()
returns a new
.I mpd_song
object, or NULL on error (out of memory or wrong pair name).
.PP
.BR mpd_song_feed ()
returns true if the
.I pair
was parsed and added to the
.I song
(or if the
.I pair
was not understood and ignored), false if this
.I pair
is the beginning of the next neighbor.
.PP
.BR mpd_recv_song ()
returns a
.I mpd_song
object, or NULL on error or if the song list is finished.
.PP
.BR mpd_song_dup ()
returns a copy of the specified
.I mpd_song
object, or NULL if out of memory.
.SH ERRORS
The user should use one of the error functions of libmpdclient for
error-checking.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mpd_song_get_uri (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_tag (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_duration (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_duration_ms (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_start (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_end (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_last_modified (3),
.BR mpd_song_set_pos (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_pos (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_id (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_prio (3),
.BR mpd_song_get_audio_format (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_error_message (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_server_error (3),
.BR mpd_connection_get_system_error (3)
